Benchmarking vignette (#170)
rexyai/RestRserve: vignettes/benchmarks/Benchmarks.Rmd

          fib_count = fib_count
        )
      )
      cat(sep = "",
        "fibonacci: ", fib_count, "; flavor: ", flavor, "\n",
        paste0(rr$read_output(), collapse = "\n"), "\n"
      )
      rr$kill_tree()
    }
  }
  parse_apib_results(results)
}
```

```{r plot_code, echo=FALSE, message=FALSE}
library(ggplot2)
plot_results = function(x, title, file = NULL, facet = FALSE) {
  colour_pal = c(
    "RestRserve" = "#61D6AD", 
    "RestRserve + runtime checks" = "#999999",
    "plumber" = "#999999",
    "plumber + future" = "#000049"
  )
  p = 
    ggplot(x) + 
    geom_bar(aes(x = as.factor(n_threads), y = Throughput, fill = flavor), 
             stat = "identity", position = "dodge") + 
    geom_text(
      aes(x = as.factor(n_threads), y = Throughput, col = flavor, label = round(Throughput)),
      position = position_dodge(width = 1),
      show.legend = FALSE,
      vjust = -0.1
    ) +
    scale_y_continuous(expand = expansion(mult = c(0., 0.1))) +
    scale_fill_manual(values = colour_pal) +
    scale_color_manual(values = colour_pal) +
    theme_minimal() +
    theme(
      plot.title = element_text(hjust = 0.5),
      legend.position = "bottom"
    ) + 
    labs(

>       x = "number of threads",

Author: ```suggestion
      x = "concurrent requests",
```

  for (fib_count in fib_counts) {
    for (use_future in list(TRUE, FALSE)) {
      rr = r_bg(
        plumber_app, 
        list(calc_fn = calc_fib, use_future = use_future), 
        stdout = "|", stderr = "2>&1"
      )
      Sys.sleep(2)
      flavor = if (use_future) "plumber + future" else "plumber"
      results = c(
        results, 
        run_apib(
          n_threads = c(1, 2, 4, 6), 
          n_sec = n_sec, 
          keep_alive = keep_alive, 
          flavor = flavor, 
          fib_count = fib_count
        )
      )
      cat(sep = "",
        "fibonacci: ", fib_count, "; flavor: ", flavor, "\n",
        paste0(rr$read_output(), collapse = "\n"), "\n"
      )
      rr$kill_tree()
    }
  }
  parse_apib_results(results)
}
```

```{r apib_compare}
results_restrserve = apib_bench(fib_counts = c(15,20,25), runtime_checks = FALSE)
results_plumber = apib_bench_plumber(fib_counts = c(15,20,25))
results_compare = rbindlist(list(results_plumber, results_restrserve))
```

```{r apib_compare_plot, echo=FALSE}
plot_results(
  results_compare, 
  "Comparison", 
  "../img/bench-rps-vs-plumber.png",
  facet = TRUE
)
```
<img src="../img/bench-rps-vs-plumber.png" width="640"/>

> Due to the overhead of creating a new process for each request in `RServe`, `RestRserve` does not perform as quickly as `plumber` when computing instantaneous routes.  However, `RestRserve` shows it's strength when executing routes that have both low and high computational costs. No extra coding logic is needed to leverage `RestRserve`'s multi-threaded execution. Mixing `plumber` and `future` together for _high computation_ routes brings performance that scales with the number of threads (similar to `RestRserve`), but at the cost of extra route logic and domain knowledge.

Author: ```suggestion
Due to the overhead of creating a new process for each request in `RServe`, `RestRserve` does not perform as quickly as `plumber` when computing instantaneous routes.  However, `RestRserve` shows it's strength when executing routes that have both low and high computational costs. No extra coding logic is needed to leverage `RestRserve`'s multi-threaded execution. Mixing `plumber` and `future` together for _high computation_ routes brings performance that scales with the number of concurrent requests (similar to `RestRserve`), but at the cost of extra route logic and domain knowledge.
```
